487 docs   expliquer le moteur de jeu (#603)
JeremieLeymarie/story-builder: documentation/docs/Library/library_games.mdx

<img src="/img/library_game_view.png" alt="logo" width="1000" />

This is the main detailed view of a playable story once you have clicked it.

You can see various elements on this page, the title, type and description on the top half and the game analytics on the bottom half.

If you scroll down even more, there is a progress summary feature that details the different possible paths in the story which is
great if you have doubts about yout choices along the game you have started.

<img src="/img/library_game_view.png" alt="logo" width="800" />

To play the game you have to click the "Play" button at the top of the page next to the story description. Moreover you can also choose which
save of the game you wish to play. You can see that there is also a "Selected another save" option that triggers a sidebar on the right side of the screen that displays all the different possible save slots
that you have played.

<img src="/img/library_saves_sidebar.png" alt="logo" width="200" />
As you can see i have only 1 one save available.

If you scroll down even more you can see that a graph overview of the choices you have made in your history is available.

> By default all the scenes you haven't visited are labeled as questionmarks to avoid spoiling the rest of the story. Ths important part here is that you can use this "bird view" kind of tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default all the scenes you haven't visited are labeled as question marks to avoid spoiling the rest of the story. The important part here is that you can use this "bird view" kind of tool
```
